pdf extract
---
1) If a word cant fit in the line it divede by - short line charecter.
that might be problem.

2)If a line cant fit the row extracted text puts new line charecter at 
the end. So dont trusst new line charecter so much. 

3) There is very high chance that script cant find some information 
so better do that in try catch and just print what I can find

4) In file5 there is no BENEFICIAIRE

5) Always check if there are more than one instance of the word

6) The first BENEFICIAIRE is not always the one we are looking for

7) There are always new line before and after the BENEFICIAIRE we are looking for and no other words

8) Regex would be better so that I can look for lines that have any or none spaces or with and without some specific words or case in sensitive
    The down side it will be harder to read and understand the regex. I dont think it will efect performance

9) I can give confidence points to results based on some factors like does it ends with new line does it have some words like street etc.

10) In pdf1 there are 2 borrowers

11) In file5 there is comma in borrowerOneName. My regex look for comma at the and. Who the fuck puts comma between name and surname

12) I can use double rules like check if it has something after it too

13) Maybe use pymupdf search function directly

14) First paragraph of file 1 is extracted to before beneficiare. Weird

15) In file 4 there is married info at the end of address

16)repair_mono_font Some mono-spaced fonts are displayed with a too large character
        width, e.g. "a b c" instead of "abc". This utility adds an entry
        "/DW w" to the descendent font of font. The int w is
        taken to be the first width > 0 of the font's unicodes.
        This should enforce viewers to use 'w' as the character width.

17) Pymupdf looks for blocks need to change how it looks blocks
Approach ideas 
---
1-) Put many if statements. Look for start and end. Also length, patterns

2-) Ai? Needs many examples to learn. Might produce weird results maybe.
I can assign labels to each pdf like (pdf1,adress1) (pdf2,adress2) and 
train a module for adress recognition
